When would you want to use a remote repository rather than keeping all your work
local?

    To have a backup of the local repository that can be accessed from anywhere,
    to share the repository with one or more persons,
    to collaborate on the repository with other people through a central hub

Why might you want to always pull changes manually rather than having Git
automatically stay up-to-date with your remote repository?

    To control when you update the local repo to the current online version.
    Sometimes the local repo maybe in a state after changes that pulling it to the 
    remote update may become more disastrous.

Describe the differences between forks, clones, and branches.  When would you
use one instead of another?

    Forks clones a repository to the authorised space of the user forking it, this
    way the forker can add changes to the github repository while the repository maintained
    by the original user also remains intact under his account. Used when I want to add changes
    to a repository I don't have authorization to
    Clones just copy a repository from the origin address to a new address, irrespective of 
    authorization. It may not be possible to add changes back to the remote branch, in case you
    don't have proper authorization. Used whenever you need a copy of an existing repository.
    Branches are different versions within a same repository to explore changes while keeping
    the original track inatct.

What is the benefit of having a copy of the last known state of the remote
stored locally?

    It helps in keeping track of the relative statuses of the remote and local branches,
    and also to merge, modify, work on the local commits w.r.t. remote branches
    OFFLINE!

How would you collaborate without using Git or GitHub?  What would be easier,
and what would be harder?

    Using a normal cloud service like dropbox. It would be more inefficient that way, as merges would
    have to be done manually, also would probably need to store multiple versions of same file thus
    taking up more space.
    Since syncing would be automatic, sync between the collaborators wwould be easier. But modifications
    to the files would be harder.

When would you want to make changes in a separate branch rather than directly in
master?  What benefits does each approach have?

    When you need to keep the master intact and add changes only when they have been vetted and approved
    so that the master branch remains in a pristine condition always.
    Doing changes directly to the master branch would be faster and less cumbersome, but that would also
    increase the changes of a broken/error prone master branch. Also the vetting/approval process would
    be inadequate in the second case.
