What happens when you initialize a repository? Why do you need to do it?

	I think it creates an initial metadata about folder stats n characteristics so that it can create an effective repository from the initialized folder.

How is the staging area different from the working directory and the repository? What value do you think it offers?

	Staging area is an intermediary stage between the status of the working directory and that of the repository.
	It allows us greater control n flexibility in creating a repo. It is like having stage rehearsals before a live play on stage. Allows us to optimize the repo according to needs before actually filing it.

How can you use the staging area to make sure you have one commit per logical change?

	Use 'git diff' and 'git diff --staged' to see what changes are going to be committed by the current staging area. Ensure that there is only one commit per logical change in the staging area.

What are some situations when branches would be helpful in keeping your history organized? How would branches help?

	Branches are helpful when i want to maintain the present project track, but also want to explore some strategic chnages in the project. Branches would allow me to explore both tracks without giving any up.

How do the diagrams help you visualize the branch structure?

	Visualizing the branch structure provides a much better human comprehensible tree structure for the abstract concept of git branches.

What is the result of merging two branches together? Why do we represent it in the diagram the way we do?

	Merging two branches together creates a single branch (current checkout branch) containing the combined changes made by the parent branches. We represent it that way because the merge commit has the last commit from both the merging branches as parents.

What are the pros and cons of Git’s automatic merging vs. always doing merges manually?
	
	Auto merging saves a lot of time and effort by merging two versions together, making it convinient and easier to merge two versions of code.
	The auto merging used by git is 'logical' upto a level but not 'smart'.